she's my younger brother you gotta help
me finish this taught him everything he
knows you don't want to see where this
fight is headed
I'm still his training
you have a fight next week after I win I
wanna stop making good money so you can
let me more things okay use hip streets
right yeah I do
I'll find it I heard you were a stepping
stone oh I've had a few tough fights but
the next place to suspect her
Vikki Ward is 31 years old he's here
because he needs the money
look at the size of that guy can take 20
pounds on me Nikki you don't fight
nobody gets paid a quid Shelly
I'm done fighting I don't need it
anymore sadly you've got them take it
away from you I was embarrassed I told
everybody I was gonna win that fight and
get back my tracks it could be in a
disappointment
look make nobody's got hard like you
you're a very talented fighter I want to
give you a real shot to make one last
one at this thing before it's tonight
what about my run just taught me
everything I know I can't do it without
him
well I'll do respect he's too much
trouble not a stepping stone anymore
he's using you you can't beat me you had
a hard enough time being you and that's
why you're against we're gonna clean it
I'm the one fighting not you not you and
not you
[Music]
this is my satya title I won't get
another one after this nikki has a
chance to do something that I never did
and he means okay
I see I'd make his corner
[Applause]
I have only pay me my blue you don't
have to know me he was younger why
[Music]
you